You must be holy because I am holy first Peter chapter 1 verse 16
Hand washing
Honful microbes are the cause of many illnesses
Microps are tiny organisms that live all around us
But they are too small to be seen with the naked eye
The microbes which we come into contact with most often include bacteria, parasites and viruses
Bacteria and parasites cause serious illnesses that can lead to death
Daria, cholera, amoebas, malaria, flu,
Ditherea and many other
Sicknesses are all caused by microbes
The hand, it's the body part, the most exposed to microbes, it touches everywhere
We really need to learn to wash our hands regularly and they're running water
If you set up an inclined cap system like the one here, it is possible to wash your hands with just a small amount of water
It is very important to use something to remove microbes
Soap removes microbes
Ashis remove microbes
After removing excrement from a child, it is important to wash your hands
If you have to touch an open wound, eyes or mouth
Remember to wash your hands
We need to be clean
We must have the habit of washing our hands each time we come from the toilet
Each time we want to eat
Some have the habit of taking a small bottle of water and soap with them everywhere they go
That way they can wash their hands whenever they need to
Wash hands with soap or ash and water
Wash hands before eating
Wash hands after using the toilet and after removing excrement from yourself or a child
Wash hands before and after touching an open wound, eyes or mouth